Image Class
=====

The **Image** class is the super class of all displayable shapes and bitmap 
images in the package. This means that the members of this class are key to
manipulating or combining any type of picture created in the package. 

## Members of Image

### Properties of the Image

    width: Int
    height: Int
 
Return the width and height of the image.

    display: Unit

Returns nothing, but opens a message box with the image displayed.

### Image Manipulation

These methods usually take in numbers as parameters, while some have no 
parameters at all. They all return a new manipulation of the image.

     cropLeft(numPixels: Double): Image
     cropRight(numPixels: Double): Image
     cropTop(numPixels: Double): Image
     cropBottom(numPixels: Double): Image

These methods return an image that is this image with a given number of 
pixels cut from the edge.

     crop(x: Double, y: Double, cropWidth: Double, cropHeight: Double): Image

This method returns an image that is a rectangle cut from the original
image, with a top corner at (x, y) and given width and height.

     flipHorizontal: Image
     flipVertical: Image

These methods return an image that is this image flipped, either
left to right or top to bottom.

     rotate(factor: Angle): Image

This method returns an image that is this image rotated by a given
factor around the image's center.

     scaleX(xFactor: Double): Image
     scaleY(yFactor: Double): Image

These methods return an image that is this image stretched by a given
factor either horizontally or vertically.

     scale(xFactor: Double, yFactor: Double): Image

This method returns an image that is this image scaled horizontally and 
vertically by the given factors.

     translate(x: Double, y: Double): Image

This method returns an image that is this image moved x pixels right and
y pixels down.


